OCPBUGS#1418: Updated KCS link for SSH (#50710)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/machine-configuration-tasks.adoc

[id="using-machineconfigs-to-change-machines"]
== Using MachineConfig objects to configure nodes

> You can use the tasks in this section to create `MachineConfig` objects that modify files, systemd unit files, and other operating system features running on {product-title} nodes. For more ideas on working with machine configs, see content related to link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/3868301[updating] SSH authorized keys, link:https://access.redhat.com/verify-images-ocp4[verifying image signatures], link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4727321[enabling SCTP], and link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5170251[configuring iSCSI initiatornames] for {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the tasks in this section to create `MachineConfig` objects that modify files, systemd unit files, and other operating system features running on {product-title} nodes. For more ideas on working with MachineConfigs, see content related to link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/3868301[updating] SSH authorized keys, link:https://access.redhat.com/verify-images-ocp4[verifying image signatures], link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4727321[enabling SCTP], and link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5170251[configuring iSCSI initiatornames] for {product-title}.
```

Author: Thanks Joe! `machine configs` seems to be a valid common noun which is used across the repo.

Reviewer 2: Correct: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting

Note that "MachineConfigs," if it were to be used here, would have to be "`MachineConfig` resources" or something similar.

Reviewer: Sorry, @snarayan-redhat . @maxwelldb thanks for the reference.
